# Solve_the_Murder_Game
Hello, My name is Kelly Beltran and I have created a police murder mystery game. Your goal is to go through each chapter and complete tasks and ask questions to see if you can find out what happend and who the killer is? You will go through five chapters each with tasked that are essential to solving the murder. Good Luck!!! Throughout this game I have used different elements I learned throughout the course to create a overall interesting and smooth flowing game. I hope you enjoy and I am open to any suggestions on how I can improve.

# Documentation
 The idea of this games and the chapters involved is to create an interactive game where the user can input different numbers to receive different outputs that take them through the chapters. This game creates a murder mystery where clues need to be obtained and conversations need to be had in order to create and understanding as to what the situation is and how the player can help find a killer. 
      The code is hosted PyCharm CE. Each chapter is specially written in PyCharm CE using python coding. Throughout the chapters I use if statements that allows the user to choose an option available within the program. I also used while loops to allow the player to choose an option and still be able to go back and choose another until a specific input is entered to break and exit the loop. I also used classes through the chapters to then be used in while statements to be able to showcase doing multiple actions within a chapter. The idea of these chapters is to create an interactive game where the user can input different numbers to receive different outputs that take them through the chapters.  
      This program is meant to run cohesively where it is recommended all steps should be completed before the player moves on to the next chapter. These chapters try to take the player step by step through the games to ensure they follow all the steps to make sense of the following chapter. Certain steps need to be taken within each chapter for the next one to make sense the player. 
      Within the chapters to be able to complete tasks and obtain information different inputs need to be entered. Multiple inputs can be entered in a chapter through while loops Once the input is entered the output is given then the user is prompted for another input until a specific input is given by the user. This allow for the user to continuously find out information within the program without is closing. The architecture of this game is that each chapter coincides with the previous one. The chapters need to be played in order for the game to make sense and “work well” for the player.
      The code for these game chapters were built on python files. A person can take the code and plug them into Python and can access, edit, run, and make changes to the program. As of right now I have chapters that are straight forwards where actions should be completed within each of them before the player moves on to the next. The player always has the option to skip certain steps within the program however, they will have a harder time understanding the following chapter if the previous one is not played to completion. 
      This game can be started by running the program on Python Anywhere or taking the chapters of the game and copying the program from a .py file and pasting it into your own Python file and running the program. 
      If there are any errors within the program the user or creator of the program look to debug and see where specifically the program is having trouble running. As well as commenting what each section of code does and copy and paste specific parts of the code to see if they are running correctly and fix issues when they arise. 

